Add a reference this content section (#78)
open-gitops/documents: README.md

## Code of Conduct

The OpenGitOps community follows the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/open-gitops/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Reference this Content

> A [BibTex](https://www.bibtex.org) code snippet to use as reference for the content available in this repository is listed below, make sure to change your site visit date accordinly.

Reviewer: in keeping with below
```suggestion
A [BibTex](https://www.bibtex.org) code snippet to use as reference for the content available in this repository is listed below, make sure to change your site visit date, and optionally release version, accordingly.
```

Author: fixed with https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/pull/78/commits/747bfc5836bdf76cf484a311120ee6d15c8823c1

Reviewer: Just checking, you didn't want to add "and year"? For example, referencing v1.0.0 the `year` would be 2021, and v1.1.0 (assuming we get #76 out this year) would be 2024.

Author: That is referring to the date a person creating the research paper visit the repo and noted it as a reference on his/her bibtex bibliographical database and not the date of the release of the content. Usually link references in articles carry a date of visit in the references section at the end of the article.

Reviewer: We just chatted on Slack, this was indeed a misunderstanding. I can see how you thought I was referring to the `YYYY`, but in fact I meant the [year field](https://www.bibtex.com/f/year-field/). So here's a slightly updated proposed addition (adding "year field" to be clear):

> Make sure to update the `year` field to match the release version you're referencing. See the list of releases by date [here](https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/releases).

```
@misc{open_gitops,
  title        = {{GitOps Principles and Glossary}},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/open-gitops/documents}},

>   note         = {Accessed: YYYY-MM-DD. For an up-to-date list of authors, see \url{https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/blob/main/authors.md}. Release version 1.1.0},

Reviewer: I would just change this to a direct link to the forthcoming release, since we plan to cut the release immediately after merging this PR.

```suggestion
  note         = {Accessed: YYYY-MM-DD. For an up-to-date list of authors, see \url{https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/blob/v1.1.0/authors.md}. Release version 1.1.0},
```

Author: good catch!

Author: fixed with https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/pull/78/commits/5b7f116a8c00ea940f3cb6663f06608ab9ea3cf2

Reviewer: I know I suggested referencing the upcoming release, but since then we've discussed that it would be better to get the translations updated before cutting the v1.1.0 release.

So if we want merge this PR sooner than all translations are complete – which may take a while – we'll want to change the version back to what you had before:
- Release version "1.0.0" (instead of 1.1.0)
- link "blob/v1.0.0/authors.md" (instead of blog/v1.1.0)
- and year = "{2021}" (instead of {2024})

Author: this was solved by https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/commit/f7609a0fa3ca5d0e9ec4fe05366e4d0f0368a0c9

> A [BibTex](https://www.bibtex.org) code snippet to use as reference for the content available in this repository is listed below, make sure to change your site visit date, and optionally release version, accordingly.
> 
> ```
> @misc{open_gitops,
>   title        = {{GitOps Principles and Glossary}},
>   howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/open-gitops/documents}},
>   note         = {Accessed: YYYY-MM-DD. For an up-to-date list of authors, see \url{https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/blob/v1.1.0/authors.md}. Release version 1.1.0},
>   year         = {2024}

Reviewer: Here is a suggested edit to address my comments https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/pull/78#discussion_r1712793649 and https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/pull/78#discussion_r1712811331.

Feel free to commit this code suggestion directly through the UI, like this: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request

````suggestion
Below is a [BibTex](https://www.bibtex.org) code snippet to use as reference for the content available in this repository. There is one required change, and several optional adjustments you may make to the snippet.

Required:
- at minimum you will need to change the `Accessed` date (when you accessed this material) in the [note](https://www.bibtex.com/f/note-field/) field.

Optional: You may choose to reference a different release version. If so:
- Change the `Release version` in the [note](https://www.bibtex.com/f/note-field/) field.
- Update the [year](https://www.bibtex.com/f/year-field/) field to match. See list of releases by date [here](https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/releases).
- Update the file link in `Authors` in the [note](https://www.bibtex.com/f/note-field/) field. You may find the list of authors by your chosen release version in the [reference](https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/blob/main/reference/) directory in this Git repo.

Optional: You may reference multiple versions in the same article. If so:
- Update the [CiteKey](https://www.bibtex.com/g/bibtex-format/#citekey) below ("GitOps-Principles-and-Glossary") so each is unique (for example, append the version "-v1.0.0").

```
@misc{GitOps-Principles-and-Glossary,
  title        = {{GitOps Principles and Glossary}},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/open-gitops/documents}},
  note         = {Accessed: YYYY-MM-DD. Release version: 1.0.0. Authors: \url{https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/blob/main/reference/authors-v1.0.0.md}.},
  year         = {2021}
```

## Code of Conduct

The OpenGitOps community follows the [CNCF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/open-gitops/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

> ## Refence this Content

Author: It is a typo! Thanks for catching it, I'll fix with the bibtex snippet reference to authors.md

> ## Refence this Content

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/pull/78/commits/0a5fa01f702c5663258dcb34b93e5d31e375aec7

A [BibTex](https://www.bibtex.org) code snippet to use as reference for the content available in this repository is listed below, make sure to change your site visit date accordinly.

```
@misc{open_gitops,
  author       = {{Open GitOps Project}},

>   title        = {{Open GitOps Documents - Glossary and Principles}},

Reviewer: @samueltauil I would call it "GitOps Principles and Glossary." It is maintained by, and lives in this repo under, the CNCF OpenGitOps project.

For authors list, see the "Attribution" section at https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/releases/tag/v1.0.0, It is also in the git commits, but listed here for easy access – alphabetized by last name (35 people). Question – would it be helpful for BibText to have an actual file listing authors somewhere in the content that you can point to?

Note that there will be more authors in future versions of the principles, but I assume we can update this BibTex snippet when that happens? Speaking of, should the version and it's release date be added to the `note` and `year` below?

Author: So usually the number of authors in citations falls into the default of 3 and then when rendered with more than that it appends _et al_. In order to list all those 35 authors it would be needed for the person writing that study to modify with the attibute `maxbibnames=35` in the `\usepackage` include command in the preambule in their primary tex file. If we decide to go ahead and add all 35 authors when researchers refer to the content in their bibliography, then we could externalize the list of authors in a separate .bib file and include the content of it in the snippet which would likely to force people to generate another bib file to their structure only to have our authors list properly displayed. My suggestions would be to refer the authors as a project like it is now and leave validation at the discretion of who is willing to validate it or we can create a .bib file listing all authors and use the `crossref` in the @misc entry to refer that external file (which would make easier for us to update/change). 

```
@person{author1,
    name = {Author One}
}

@person{author2,
    name = {Author Two}
} 
```

and then refer that like this: 

``` 
@misc{referencekey,
    title = {Title of the Misc Entry},
    year = {Year},
    crossref = {authors}
}
```

I would rather prefer to refer the list of authors to be validated at our repo instead of forcing a more complicated approach where we would eventually have to force people to add another file to their research content only to proper display our citation list of authors.

In relation to the title attribute I'll change it to what you suggested `GitOps Principles and Glossary` 👍

Reviewer: I agree this makes the most sense 👍

- Update the file link in `Authors` in the [note](https://www.bibtex.com/f/note-field/) field. You may find the list of authors by your chosen release version in the [reference](https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/blob/main/reference/) directory in this Git repo.

Optional: You may reference multiple versions in the same article. If so:
- Update the [CiteKey](https://www.bibtex.com/g/bibtex-format/#citekey) below ("GitOps-Principles-and-Glossary") so each is unique (for example, append the version "-v1.0.0").
- ⚠️ Note that the GitOps Principles and Glossary are versioned together, so when citing an individual principle and glossary item, ensure the versions match. This is because the two files have hyperlinks from one to the other that may be incorrect or broken between different versions.

```
@misc{GitOps-Principles-and-Glossary,
  title        = {{GitOps Principles and Glossary}},
  howpublished = {\url{https://github.com/open-gitops/documents}},
  note         = {Accessed: YYYY-MM-DD. Release version: 1.0.0. Authors: \url{https://github.com/open-gitops/documents/blob/main/reference/authors-v1.0.0.md}.},
  year         = {2021}

> ```

Reviewer: gh code suggestion glitch
```suggestion
```
